Adds docstring note that we are assuming that CDELT1 is the wrong sign (#7973)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7973.doc.rst

> Added a note on how the sign of CDELT1 is handled in `~sunpy.map.sources.sdo.HMISynopticMap.scale`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a note to the docstring of `~sunpy.map.sources.sdo.HMISynopticMap` that documents how the sign of CDELT1 is handled.
```

> Added a Note in `~sunpy.map.sources.sdo.py` about how the sign of CDELT1 is handled in
> `~sunpy.map.sources.sdo.HMISynopticMap.scale`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added a note on how the sign of CDELT1 is handled in `~sunpy.map.sources.sdo.HMISynopticMap.scale`.
```
